---
날짜: 2024-12-19
넘버: 
태그: 프로그래밍/임베디드
강사: Uma Maheswari Ramalingam, Shirley Zou, Nick Tompkins, Matt Rushton, Edmund Player
출처: https://www.coursera.org/learn/arm-cortex-m-processors-overview-course1/
aliases:
---
### 날짜:  2024-12-19 20:03

### 태그: #프로그래밍 #자바 #스프링

>[!메모] Fundamental course objectives
> - Describe the implementation differences and configuration options of the differect Cortex-M processor
> - Describe the programming model (resister set, modes and states of the processor)
> - Describe standards and APIs that support the architecture.
> - Interpret and program in assembly language.
>	- **어셈블리어**: 프로그램을 디버깅하고 최적화 하기 위해 필요하다.
> - Target applications at the default system memory.
> - Configure the MPU to change the default system memory map.
> - Handle processor exceptions such as interrupts and faults.
> - debut an application running on a Cortex-M system.

> [!note] Further course objectives
> - Develop software that can safely access memory which is shared between multiple threads or processors.
> 	- 뮤텍스, 세마포어
> - Utilize and manage caches in software.
> - Optimize software to make use of the optional DSP Extension.
> - Describe how floating-point hardware can help speed-up software that contains floating-point operations.
> - Partition memory to allow secure and non-secure applications to run on the same device.
> - Program the SysTick timer for different use cases.
> - Authenticate pointers and identify branch targets to make software more secure.
> - Optimize software to make use of the optional Microcontroller Vector Extension(Helium)


### 원문
---
# 0. Arm Cortex-M processors

# 1. Introduction of Arm
[[1.0 Arm Introduction]]

---
### 생각(파생된 질문/생각)

### 출처
- [Arm Cortex-M Processors](https://www.coursera.org/learn/arm-cortex-m-processors-overview-course1/)

### 연결 문서 (연결 이유)
